Update detection result details (#719)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/callbacks/answer.md

| startTime     | Time the call was started, in ISO 8601 format. |
| answerTime    | Time the call was answered, in ISO 8601 format. |
| tag           | (optional) The `tag`  specified on call creation. If no `tag` was specified or it was previously cleared, this field will not be present. |

> | machineDetectionResult | (optional) if a sync machine detection operation was requested, the result of the operation will be sent here. Possible values are the same as for the async webhook [Machine Detection Complete](machineDetectionComplete.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| machineDetectionResult | (optional) if [machine detection was requested](../../methods/calls/postCalls.md#machine-detection-request) in `sync` mode, the result will be specified here. Possible values are the same as the async counterpart: [Machine Detection Complete](machineDetectionComplete.md) |
```
Not sure if my suggested link works, but I think it should.
I still don't like `webhook`.
